change time api (#46)
cpvalente/ontime-docs: src/content/docs/api/protocols/http.mdx

The change endpoint allows changing some of the properties of a given event (below). \
The request should contain a patch of the event to be changed, along with the ID of the event to change.

> See the table below for a list of fields that can be changed using this endpoint.
> 

Reviewer: question: are these all the fields? should we not instead say something like 

```suggestion
You can change any field in an event using this endpoint. See below a description of expected values.

```
